my buddy this before we go I mean yeah
I'd say what is that what time is it
like - I mean session nine nine twenty
nine twenty two you say that was such a
disdain like you can't believe that a
person would want to get to an airport
in an hour an hour and a half before
they're like everything that you ever
say about flights is rendered so
meaningless by me just having that
memory of you boarding the plane with
one minute to go and the entire plane
looking at you with a like a deep a deep
disdain disdain extreme disdain disdain
disdain gee disdain diss diss diss diss
- diss disdain if there's a guy there's
a guy cop giving out parking tickets Oh
sesame seed dan says instead of shit
hope that I'm late for my flight and
then as the plane takes off I go dosh
sesame seed oh I had a great idea for a
name French a chocolate store like a
really finally cool New York chocolate
store chocolate lab Chuck oh that's good
chocolate lab that's good chocolate I
never wanted to be in this city of
stinky fucking pisser's and homeless
jerks no get me to a spinning class I
used to go this way it is so now you're
making me want to check the GPS every
five minutes when I get there I have
things I have to do I have to meet a guy
to get a car I have to get a gig my
apartment you know some shady dude to
get a car honestly seriously it's super
shady I rent it through the cycle relay
rides where you rent cars through like
it's like just you read people's cars
why don't you wait why don't you buy a
car well I'm just kind of like living a
little bit temporarily so that I can
have some time to like find a place find
a car without stressing out looking like
all right well Gander which what was
your least favorite of all the nicknames
that I thought you Gander which was a
that was a big one that lasted for
Gander which was around Carlisle quite a
while or even more recently Goblin
because you started calling me Goblin
recently I saw I wish the Goblin eating
a whole raw pumpkin likes the cumin
seeds I can't believe no one ever said
pure bitch oh yeah that's an pure bitch
Oh sesame seed you said look Marty array
no oh fuck you're gonna miss that flight
can pure bitch what would you say is
your favorite memory of New York if the
risk of being actually sincere for a
second who can be sincere sigh I'll make
fun of you in the head yeah okay good I
yeah I don't want to be I don't want to
get too nostalgic but I mean like we
like the two of us we're very lucky to
share like a very very very awesome
experience I would say most of my great
memories of the city were like parties
and events that we were add together his
friends I think early on there was a
party with a pool you know tell with a
pool there was yeah yeah that was you
there were two of those I remember the
we got kicked out at one oh that's right
yeah yeah God all those parties like
those blew my mind because I was like 22
or 23 and I just like I it was like to
me that's I thought that that's what the
whole world was like now okay do you
want to say anything to the people
you're leaving behind that friends
family your family's from here
you know you grew up you know around
here right yes yes what do you hope to
accomplish out there all I do is make
stuff that is fun and I'm proud of and
hang out people that I like this was a
great by the way this is a lot of fun no
one say that was fun for you any last
words before we go dass SME seeds